Update msal-error-handling-dotnet.md (#86059)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-error-handling-dotnet.md

[MsalUIRequiredException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msaluirequiredexception) is type of [MsalServiceException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msalserviceexception) and indicates that user interaction is required, for example because MFA is required or because the user has changed their password and a token cannot be acquired silently. 

### Processing exceptions
When processing .NET exceptions, you can use the exception type itself and the `ErrorCode` member to distinguish between exceptions. `ErrorCode` values are constants of type [MsalError](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msalerror).

You can also have a look at the fields of [MsalClientException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msalexception), [MsalServiceException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msalserviceexception), and [MsalUIRequiredException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msaluirequiredexception).

If [MsalServiceException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msalserviceexception) is thrown, try [Authentication and authorization error codes](reference-aadsts-error-codes.md) to see if the code is listed there.

> If [MsalUIRequiredException] is thrown, it is an indication that an interactive flow needs to happen for the user to resolve the issue. In public client apps such as desktop and mobile app, this is resolved by calling `AcquireTokenInteractive` which displays a browser. In confidential client apps, web apps should redirect the user to the authorization page, and web APIs should return an HTTP status code and header indicative of the authentication failure, i.e. 401 Unauthorized and a WWW-Authenticate header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If [MsalUIRequiredException](/dotnet/api/microsoft.identity.client.msaluirequiredexception) is thrown, it is an indication that an interactive flow needs to happen for the user to resolve the issue. In public client apps such as desktop and mobile app, this is resolved by calling `AcquireTokenInteractive` which displays a browser. In confidential client apps, web apps should redirect the user to the authorization page, and web APIs should return an HTTP status code and header indicative of the authentication failure (401 Unauthorized and a WWW-Authenticate header).
```
